sanae neutral “Hey, Reimu.”
reimu neutral “Hm?”
sanae neutral “Uhm, what’cha doin’?”
reimu surprised “Ah, I’m just looking around, I guess. I don’t think I’ve ever been to this area of the forest before.”
reimu neutral “But, then again, I guess it all kind of looks the same.”
sanae neutral “Ah, if you look closely, I’m sure there are some differences.”
reimu neutral “Well, when you’re always running around solving incidents, I guess you don’t have much time to take in the scenery.”
sanae surprised “Oh, right…”
sanae neutral “Wanna take a look around? Y’know, while Cirno is ‘conserving her power.’”
reimu neutral “I guess there’s not much else to do.”
“Not much to look at except some trees and bushes.”
“Wait a minute, is there something in that bush?”
sanae surprised “?”
reimu surprised “There is! Did someone just leave this here?”
sanae surprised “What is it?”
reimu surprised “Did someone just dump their wallet’s contents into this bush?!”
reimu neutral “Wait, somehow I feel like Yukari could be responsible for this…”
sanae neutral “Ah, you think so?”
reimu neutral “Maybe. It could be a prank, but…”
reimu joyful “Oh, well! Finders keepers!”
sanae shocked “Are you really taking it?”
reimu joyful “Yeah, why not? It’s not like anyone else is here.”
“Besides, if Yukari transported some poor fool’s money into this forest, it’s not like they would be able to find it afterwards.”
sanae shocked “What if it’s your money she took?”
reimu angry “Hey! It’s not like I have much to steal anyway.”
reimu neutral “Besides, if it is mine, then I’m here to take it back now!”
sanae neutral “Uhm… I guess.”
reimu neutral “Oh, you think there’s any more around?”
sanae shocked “Why would there be more?!”
reimu joyful “Hey, it doesn’t hurt to check.”
sanae neutral “Fine, let’s keep looking.”

none “Check bushes and trees for coins.”

(Collect x amount of coins)

sanae neutral “I’m sure we’ve collected everything by now.”
reimu neutral “Yeah, that was like a whole month’s worth of donations right there!”
sanae shocked “Ah, for real?”
reimu joyful “Yeah, you’ve always reminded me how many more visitors you get at your shrine than I get at mine.”
reimu neutral “While I do have a lot of people who practically live at the shrine, it’s not like they pull their weight or anything.”
“I still have to make sure things don’t start falling apart around me.”
“And, you know, eat and stuff.”
sanae neutral “I didn’t think it was that bad. Are you the only one left who has faith in your god?”
reimu angry “The situation’s not that bad! Some day, things will get better.”
sanae joyful “I mean, I would offer to show you what it takes to run a shrine the right way.”
reimu angry “!!!”
sanae eyesclosed “But I don’t think Kanako would like me helping out the rival shrine.”
reimu angry “I don’t need your help!”
sanae angry “But I just helped you find the coins that you’ll use for your shrine!”
reimu joyful “Huh! I thought you weren’t gonna help out the rival shrine!”
sanae shocked “Ah!”
sanae angry “Well, what happened to not needing my help?!”
reimu angry “I could have done it myself!”
reimu neutral “But I guess it wouldn’t have been as fun…”
sanae neutral “You think so?”
reimu joyful “Yeah. I mean, I’d be lying if I said I didn’t enjoy hanging out with you.”
“I know Kanako’s not happy I foiled her plans that one time, and she would probably be overjoyed if my shine went away…”
“But you’ve helped solve some incidents in the past, and I guess we’re solving this one together, too!”
sanae neutral “That’s true.”
sanae joyful “I mean, I suppose I have done a few favors for you and the shrine in the past without Kanako knowing.”
reimu joyful “I thought you were supposed to be a good girl, Sanae.”
sanae angry “I have my own free will! And don’t forget that I’m also a living god!”
reimu joyful “Yeah, yeah. You say that all the time. How could I forget?”
sanae eyesclosed “Do I?”
reimu neutral “Yeah, probably at least once everytime I see you.”
sanae neutral “Well, I guess you’ve heard it a lot then.”
reimu joyful “Yeah, it does seem like we’re together often. I’ve probably heard you say it a hundred times!”
sanae eyesclosed “Hmm, Reimu?”
reimu neutral “Huh?”
sanae neutral “Did you mean what you said before?”
reimu neutral “About what?”
sanae neutral “That you like spending time with me?”
reimu shy “Uh, well yeah! Of course, b-but don’t let it go to your head or anything!”
sanae shy “Would you like to spend more time together?”
reimu shy “Just us two, like this?”
sanae shy “Yeah…”
reimu shy “I would enjoy that.”
aya joyful “Are you guys ready to go?”
sanae shocked “Ah, Aya! (Talk about bad timing…)”
reimu shocked “O-Of course we’re ready to go! But I thought we were waiting on Cirno.”
cirno joyful “Nope! I can feel my fairy strength going off the charts!”
sanae neutral “Right.”
“Okay, well there’s no time to waste!”
aya joyful “Well, it seems like you and Reimu had a lot of time to waste doing whatever you were-”
reimu angry “Shut up, Aya!”
aya joyful “Ayaya, okay! Let’s go.”
cirno joyful “Hooray!”
