sanae neutral “Hey, Aya.”
aya neutral “Hold on! I think I’ve got the perfect shot of-!”
sanae surprised “Huh?”
aya neutral “Aaaand it’s gone.”
aya joyful “Ayaya, well I guess I can’t get them all!”
“You did distract me there for a moment, though.”
sanae sad “Oh, I’m sorry.” 
aya neutral “No worries! When you’re a pro like me, I guess a lot of photos could be considered the ‘perfect shot!’ I’ll be sure to find another opportunity soon!”
sanae neutral “I guess you’ve got the eye for it.”
sanae joyful “Your photos are so good that you don’t even need to retouch them in Photoshop!”
aya surprised “Photo huh?!”
sanae joyful “Oh, you guys must not have that here.”
sanae neutral “Anyway, what were you trying to get a photo of?”
aya neutral “Eh, just a few things in the forest, but it’s nothing important.”
“Have you ever been interested in taking up photography?”
sanae neutral “Well, it is pretty cool, but I don’t always have time for hobbies.”
aya neutral “Hmm…”
aya joyful “Want to try your hand at it?”
sanae surprised “Ah, right now?”
aya joyful “Sure, why not?”
sanae surprised “But why would you trust me with your camera?”
aya joyful “I have a feeling you’d be careful with it. Besides, don’t you have the power to cause miracles to occur?”
aya neutral “Maybe you could miraculously fix my camera if you happen to break it.”
sanae neutral “That’s pretty specific, but I guess so.”
aya joyful “Well, if you do break it for good, I guess I’ll just send a bill to the Moriya Shrine!”
sanae angry “Hey, have more faith in me! I’m not that careless!”
aya joyful “Fine, fine! Anyway, how about I give you a few things to take photos of?” 
sanae neutral “Okay, what did you have in mind?”
aya eyesclosed “Hmm, let’s go with something simple.”
aya neutral “How about something green, and then something brown…”
aya joyful “And, why not? Something cute!”
sanae neutral “Those seem easy enough. (But ‘cute’ sounds pretty subjective…)”
aya joyful “I believe in you!”

none “TUTORIAL”

(Take green and brown photo)

sanae neutral “Hmm… I wonder if these are good enough? I should show them to Aya.”
aya joyful “Not bad! I guess the composition could use some work, but not too shabby for a newbie!”
aya surprised “Ah, wasn’t there something else I asked for though?”
sanae surprised “Oh, you said something cute, right? Ah, I’m not sure…”
aya neutral “Don’t think too much about it!”
sanae neutral “Hmm…”
sanae joyful “Oh, I know!”
aya neutral “?”
none *snap!*
aya surprised “...”
“What was that?”
sanae neutral “Oh, uhm.”
sanae shy “I took a picture of you.”
aya shy “Huh?!”
sanae shy “...”
aya shy “...”
aya eyesclosed “Ah, s-so anyway!”
sanae shy “Yeah!”
aya shy “Nice photos!”
aya joyful “I’m happy to have you as my apprentice!”
sanae surprised “Apprentice, huh?”
sanae joyful “Well, I’m happy to be learning from a pro.”
“Thank you, Aya.”
reimu neutral “What are you two doing?”
aya joyful “I’ve taken Sanae under my wing as my apprentice in photography!”
reimu angry “Are you really taking photos at a time like this?”
aya angry “Well, it’s not like we could go anywhere with Cirno holding us up.”
cirno neutral “Cirno did what now?”
sanae neutral “Ah, Cirno. Are you finally ready to go?”
cirno joyful “Yup! My power’s all charged up, and I’m ready to take on the…”
cirno surprised “The…”
reimu neutral “Scarlet Devil?”
cirno joyful “Yeah, that!”
sanae angry “Okay, well let’s hurry! We don’t have time to waste.”
reimu neutral “I’m way ahead of you!”
aya joyful “Ah, you all are such slowpokes! Let’s get a move on!”
sanae neutral “Hey, Aya?”
aya neutral “Hm?”
sanae shy “Before I forget… Do you think you could show me more photography stuff sometime?”
aya surprised “Oh, you liked it that much?”
aya joyful “Of course I-”
reimu angry “Hey! You both just said we needed to leave!”
aya shy “Oh, right.”
reimu angry “Calling us slowpokes…”
