sanae neutral “Reimu, you’ve taken on Remilia before and been inside the mansion. I think we should work together to find where she’s hiding.”
reimu joyful “I won’t let you down!”
sanae neutral “Aya and Cirno, please go and search, as well.”
aya eyesclosed “Ah, fine. Cirno, try to keep up!”
cirno joyful “Hooray!”
reimu neutral “Okay, I think we should start by checking some of the doors.”
sanae surprised “Ah, but there are so many! How are we going to get through them all?”
reimu neutral “Don’t worry. I found Remilia once before in her mansion and I’m sure I can do it again.”
“I’m not alone this time, either.”
sanae joyful “I suppose having a team will make things easier.”
sanae neutral “Alright, let’s have a look around.”
none “Approach the doors to search each room and find Remilia.”

(Walking, door 1)
sanae neutral “Hm, this looks like a broom closet… But it’s surprisingly big!”
reimu joyful “I guess Sakuya does have a lot of cleaning to do around here!”
sanae neutral “Yeah, but no Suwako or Scarlet Devil…”

(Walking, door 2)
sanae neutral “Ah, a kitchen!”
reimu surprised “How much space does one need to cook?!”
“This is practically the size of my entire living space…”
sanae surprised “Oh, wow.”
sanae neutral “But no sign of either of them still.”

(Walking, door 3)
sanae neutral “It looks like someone’s room, but it’s not very fancy.”
“This definitely isn’t Remilia’s.”
reimu joyful “Not fancy? Even some servant’s room at this mansion would make anyone using it feel like royalty!”
sanae neutral “Yeah, I guess I mean to say that it’s fancy, but not 'rich vampire' fancy.”
reimu eyesclosed “Now that makes more sense. Either way, seeing such a comfy room reminds me how much I need a nap.”
sanae joyful “Yeah, you do work hard Reimu. I hope you can rest after all of this.”
reimu joyful “Ah, thank you. I guess someone has to keep track of all the incidents in Gensokyo.”
reimu neutral “And solve them.”
sanae neutral “You’ve always been the one to do that, haven’t you?”
reimu neutral “Yeah, it seems like I’ve been doing it my whole life.”
sanae neutral “Sometimes I feel as if I’ve been solving incidents forever, but then I remember how long you’ve been doing it.”
reimu joyful “Ah, it’s become sort of a job for me, I guess, and a part of my life.”
“I’m used to it now.”
sanae eyesclosed “...”
sanae neutral “Reimu, how do you always stay strong and keep going when things are against you?”
reimu surprised “What do you mean?”
sanae neutral “Well, you’ve mentioned facing a lot of hardships and difficulties.”
“You don’t always have a lot of visitors at the Hakurei Shrine or receive enough donations to keep everything up.”
“I know it’s easy for others to underestimate a simple shrine maiden. You’re also a human living as a minority in a world of youkai and other beings.”
sanae sad “And despite all of that, you still manage to put Gensokyo first by solving its incidents. Isn’t that stressful?”
reimu neutral “Well, yeah… I do get stressed. Things are always so busy for me in my life.”
“I sometimes wish I could have a break, but things must be balanced in Gensokyo.”
sanae neutral “Why do you burden yourself with these unending tasks?”
reimu joyful “You’re acting as if everyone wouldn’t blame me if I left an incident unresolved!”
reimu neutral “Besides, Gensokyo is my home. I can’t have people running around like they own the place and causing problems for everyone.”
sanae neutral “Even if people don’t always acknowledge your efforts?”
reimu joyful “Ah, who cares about that? I’m happy knowing things are fixed at the end of the day, especially if people were in danger at the beginning.”
sanae neutral “I have a lot of respect for you, Reimu. I want to make a difference, too. But I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t looking forward to Lady Kanako telling me ‘good job’ each time I’ve solved a problem.”
reimu joyful “Haha, I guess a few people thank me, but it doesn’t really matter if anyone does or not.”
sanae sad “Isn’t that somewhat lonely, though?”
reimu surprised “Huh?”
sanae eyesclosed “I know you have a lot of friends, but you’re always so busy and going off to fight for Gensokyo!”
reimu surprised “Ah… I mean, I do always have friends around.”
reimu sad “But I suppose it is lonely sometimes.”
“I think only a few others could understand my life.”
reimu neutral “Marisa does, but we’re two very different people. She’s a pretty chaotic person, anyway.”
“Maybe a few others could as well, but not many.”
“Oh well, I guess there’s no use in complaining.”
sanae sad “Reimu, it’s okay. I think I’m someone who could understand, as well.”
sanae neutral “When I first began solving incidents, it wasn’t easy. And you know what I’m capable of!”
“We’ve known each other for quite some time, and back when you challenged Kanako and I for the first time, I knew you were a force to be reckoned with. Now, knowing how much you do everyday, I have way more respect for you.”
sanae joyful “That’s why I admire how strong and dedicated you are. You deserve way more recognition.”
reimu shy “Don’t talk like that! It’s nothing, really.”
“But thanks.”
sanae eyesclosed “Yeah. This is going to sound weird, but talking to Cirno before made me feel less stressed about coming to the Scarlet Devil Mansion.”
sanae neutral “It’s not good to keep things bottled up, you know?”
reimu neutral “You’re right.”
reimu shy “Would I be imposing if I asked to talk to you again sometime about our similar experiences?”
sanae shy “No, not at all. In fact, I would enjoy it, I think.”
“Maybe you could come to the Moriya Shrine sometime for tea.”
sanae joyful “I’ll try my best to convince Kanako that you’re not there to steal followers from us!”
reimu joyful “Sure, why not?”
sanae joyful “Then it’s a date!”
reimu shy “A date?”
sanae surprised “Oh!”
“I mean, we can pick a date!”
sanae shy “You know… To meet.”
reimu shy “Yeah…”
“Anyway, we need to keep searching.”
sanae surprised “Oh, why am I so easily distracted?”
reimu neutral “Let’s just look at this next door.”
sanae surprised “Ah, this looks like the way into the back of the mansion!”
“Somehow, I feel like this is the right door!”
reimu neutral “I think so, too.”
“Aya and Cirno are coming this way!”
aya neutral “We didn’t find anything, but it looks like you both did!”
sanae joyful “Yes, I trust that this is the way! Have faith in me that this is the right decision!”
reimu neutral “Then, lead the way!”
none “My heart is pounding out of my chest! But I can’t give up now.”
“Everyone is counting on me to lead them to the end!”
“Lady Kanako, may your blessings be upon me!"
