sanae neutral "Please let this be it!"
cirno joyful "Are we going to see the scary vampire lady?"
reimu angry "Cirno, be more serious for once!"
sanae neutral "This is the end of the mansion. If this isn’t it, then…"
??? neutral "I see you have finally arrived."
sanae surprised "!!!"
??? neutral "It appears I have more than one pesky shrine maiden to deal with this time around."
reimu angry "It’s time you come out, Remilia."
remilia neutral "Ah, you expect me to greet you all when you’ve so rudely invaded my castle?"
remilia eyesclosed "This isn’t a first for you, Miss Hakurei. I thought you would have learned some manners by now." 
remilia neutral "You are very lucky Sakuya has been so busy and away from this residence, or she surely would have struck you down as you entered."
"But I don’t need anyone to protect me, as you already know. I am well aware how I must deal with uninvited guests who so foolishly refuse to leave."
reimu angry "Don’t play dumb, Remilia. You know exactly why we’re here as ‘uninvited guests!’"
remilia eyesclosed "Oh, do I?"
sanae angry "Tell us what you’ve done with Suwako!"
remilia joyful "Ah, I see I shouldn’t have underestimated you either, Miss Kochiya. I suppose I have to watch out for all kinds of shrine maidens from now on."
remilia eyesclosed "But you would like to know where your ancestor is?"
sanae angry "What have you done with her?"
remilia neutral "Nothing."
"In fact, I haven’t laid a finger on her at all."
sanae angry "That’s a lie! How else would you have gotten her here?!"
remilia eyesclosed "She came here of her own free will."
sanae surprised "But why?"
remilia neutral "Why don’t you ask her, yourself?"
sanae surprised "Suwako!"
cirno joyful "Suwako!"
suwako neutral "Ah, Sanae! You’re here, too? (And Cirno..?)"
sanae surprised "Why wouldn’t I be?!"
suwako neutral "Oh, I guess Remilia invited the entire Moriya Shrine for tea, then?"
sanae surprised "Tea?!" 
reimu angry "What..?"
suwako joyful "Yeah! A bunch of people from the Scarlet Devil Mansion visited the shrine."
suwako neutral "They were like, ‘You need to come with us.’" 
suwako joyful "And I thought, ‘Wow! I’m finally getting invited to the Scarlet Devil’s home? What an honor!’"
suwako neutral "I mean, it’s not like I was busy or anything. Kanako never lets me have any fun and I was SO BORED!"
suwako joyful "So now I’m here for tea!"
sanae surprised "..."
"Suwako, it’s been over a week since you’ve left the shrine!"
suwako neutral "Oh, really? Well, I guess I thought it was kind of a weekend trip or a sleepover sort of thing, you know?"
reimu angry "Remilia, enough of this! Tell us the real reason you lured Suwako here."
remilia eyesclosed "Haha, of course you see through this facade."
remilia neutral "Suwako, you have been an excellent guest, but I didn’t bring you into my residence to merely socialize with you."
remilia eyesclosed "In fact, if you hadn’t assumed my servants were extending a friendly invitation to you, they would have taken you here by force."
suwako surprised "Huh?! And here I thought a lovely friendship was blooming."
"But what have I ever done to you?"
remilia eyesclosed "I apologize for leading you on, but you were a very important part in making sure my most recent plans would be successful."
remilia neutral "While you’ve committed no transgressions against me, I did what needed to be done. You were merely a stepping stone as a means to an end."
sanae angry "Enough with all of this vague speech! Explain what these plans are."
remilia eyesclosed "I promise I won’t lay a finger on your ancestor, Miss Kochiya." 
"While she is a very powerful god, she cannot aid me in any way or help me achieve the things that I want." 
sanae surprised "Then what purpose did you have in bringing her here?"
remilia neutral "Ah, you haven’t figured it out yet?"
"In bringing Suwako to my mansion, I knew eventually you would come looking for her, Sanae."
remilia eyesclosed "I know how quickly those tengu spread information around Youkai Mountain. You were bound to hear about my servants’ visit one way or another."
aya angry "Damn it! I knew something seemed off!"
cirno surprised "So the vampire wants to have tea with Sanae instead of Suwako?"
remilia eyesclosed "Hm, I guess you could put it that way."
sanae surprised "What the heck do you want with me?!"
remilia neutral "You see, I’ve heard many stories about your powers and your pride in being Moriya Shrine’s living god."
"Is it true you can cause miracles to occur, Miss Kochiya? Miracles mostly pertaining to the weather?"
reimu angry "Oh come on, are you still hung up about Marisa and I getting rid of your mist?!"
remilia eyesclosed "It’s not easy being a vampire, you know."
"Sakuya’s been so busy that I’ve been having to carry my own parasol to go outside since the Saigyou Ayakashi incident."
sanae surprised "..."
reimu surprised "..."
cirno surprised "..."
aya surprised "She can’t be serious!"
remilia neutral "I am very serious. I ALWAYS get the things I want, even if it means taking extra steps to acquire them."
remilia eyesclosed "How would you feel if you had to worry about perishing each time you left your home?"
sanae angry "We understand! But this is going too far! You’re speaking as if you’re going to force me to become one of your servants."
reimu angry "Well, that’s certainly not happening."
aya angry "Even Cirno understands how ridiculous this all is!"
cirno angry "Yeah!"
remilia eyesclosed "You won’t change my mind."
remilia neutral "My servants have already taken Suwako away, again."
"Either you do as I ask, or you’re going to have trouble."
sanae angry "There’s no way I’ll help with your ridiculous plan! Free Suwako now!"
remilia eyesclosed "I see you’ve made the wrong choice."
remilia neutral "Then let’s settle this now."
sanae angry "I can’t lose!"
"Everyone, back me up!"
reimu angry "Sanae, we won’t let you down!"
