none "In the end, we defeated Remilia, despite a small struggle."
"It wasn’t a very serious incident, after all. But I’m not sure what she would have done had we failed to defeat her."
"She seemed more disappointed than angry after she agreed to let us go home."
"Well, I don’t blame her for feeling a bit frustrated about her limitations as a vampire." 
"Afterwards, I welcomed everyone to the shrine as thanks for helping me save Suwako."
"I don’t think Kanako was very happy that I brought a shrine maiden from the rival shrine and a tengu to visit, but she held her tongue since they helped, too." 
"She couldn’t quite hide her irritation with Cirno, though." 
"Despite our exhaustion, Aya insisted that I help her review her article about the incident for the Bunbunmaru Newspaper."
"I think it had something to do with me complaining that she was going to call me ‘the green shrine maiden’ when she first mentioned writing the story."
"But, as always, she wanted to work on it as soon as we got back so she could be the first to cover the story."
aya joyful "So, how about this? ‘Moriya Shrine’s Living God Confronts the Scarlet Devil to Save Her Ancestor!’"
sanae surprised "But you, Reimu, and Cirno helped, as well!"
aya neutral "Eh, I can’t bore people with a super long title. I won’t forget to mention it in the story, though!"
sanae neutral "If you insist."
aya eyesclosed "Is that title better than the one I had before? Where I called her the Frog Goddess?"
sanae joyful "Yeah, much better." 
aya joyful "Well, thank you for your approval! I’m sure I’ll have all of this ready to go for tomorrow morning."
aya surprised "Oh, maybe if I go now, I could do a delivery overnight!"
sanae surprised "But no one will see it until morning anyway if you deliver it at night!"
aya joyful "Ah, I suppose you’re right."
aya neutral "Sorry, I don’t mean to act like I’m trying to rush out of here. I guess I’m just excited to report the incident since I was actually there."
sanae neutral "But you’ve witnessed a lot of incidents firsthand."
aya neutral "I suppose that’s true, but it’s been awhile."
aya joyful "Ah, I can’t help but feel excited every time! Journalism is my passion, after all."
sanae joyful "Your enthusiasm is definitely admirable, Aya."
"You were even kind enough to share something so important to you with someone like me."
aya neutral "Oh, speaking of which, when do you want to try your hand at photography again?" 
sanae neutral "Any time you would like. You know I am always willing to learn new things."
aya joyful "Hmm, I vote now!"
sanae surprised "Ah, now? Don’t you want to relax after solving the incident?"
aya joyful "Ayaya, you know someone like me is always raring to go!"
"Besides, Cirno got restless and made Reimu take her outside. I suppose we could enjoy the nice weather today, as well."
sanae eyesclosed "..."
sanae neutral "Actually, would you mind if we stayed in here for just a moment more, Aya?"
"Even if the nice weather goes away, I can try my hardest to bring it back when we decide to go outside."
aya surprised "Oh, that’s fine. Are you exhausted or something?"
sanae neutral "Not exactly."
sanae shy "Although it’s nice to relax after a long day, I was hoping we could just spend more time here together."
"If that’s okay with you."
aya shy "Oh, uhh… Of course! Is there something you wanted to talk about?"
sanae neutral "I feel like prior to this incident, we had a lot of negative interactions with one another, you know?" 
aya angry "Like how Kanako forced the tengu to accept her as soon as you two arrived in Gensokyo?"
sanae eyesclosed "Yep, it’s a shame that’s how we were first introduced, but we were really in a tough position and I was just doing my job for the shrine!"
aya neutral "Eh, no hard feelings. You can’t control what she does anyway."
sanae neutral "Despite all that, you still accompanied me on the journey to save Suwako."
sanae eyesclosed "I guess you did originally come to get information for your newspaper."
sanae shy "But you didn’t have to help me with photography or visit the shrine after the fact."
aya shy "Ah, what’s your point?"
sanae shy "I guess I’m glad we had a chance to get to know each other more. It was easy for us to hold a grudge against each other from a distance, I think."
"I’ve really enjoyed talking to you and learning from you."
"You’re a really amazing girl, Aya. Could I continue to learn more about you in the future?"
aya surprised "Where’s all this coming from?"
aya shy "Of course we can keep learning about each other. I’ve been enjoying our time together, too."
aya joyful "Besides, I don’t want to lose you as a photography apprentice anytime soon!"
sanae shy "You won’t. Learning more about you includes learning about your passions, after all."
aya shy "..."
sanae shy "Thank you for your kindness, Aya. I feel like after solving this incident with you, I can confidently call you my friend."
"I feel like we’ve both been able to trust each other."
"Can I trust you with something else?"
aya shy "Of course."
sanae eyesclosed "I felt very nervous before we went into the Scarlet Devil Mansion. I know that seems somewhat uncharacteristic of me, but I’ve had a lot to think about."
"Somehow, Cirno of all people was able to put my mind at ease."
sanae neutral "She said that if I don’t address the things that are on my mind, I won’t be able to focus on anything else."
"Even though that’s really simple advice, I think it’s also hard to follow because speaking your mind can be scary."
"But now that we confronted Remilia and saved Suwako, I think I’m ready to address the other things that have been bothering me." 
aya shy "Hmm?"
sanae eyesclosed "…"
sanae neutral "Aya, when I arrived in Gensokyo, I felt like an outsider. I know I usually exude confidence and take pride in my powerful heritage, but that doesn’t mean I never experience loneliness."
"Despite my status, I can’t help but feel alienated from the other residents of Gensokyo. Sometimes I confuse people with the things I talk about, and I know some still harbor negative feelings towards my shrine."
"I’ve always been so focused on Kanako’s plans that it’s been difficult to focus on making friends and nurturing relationships. I also thought that anyone going against the Moriya Shrine wasn’t worth talking to."
"When you and I first met, I thought you were just another nosy tengu who was getting in the way of Lady Kanako’s plans."
sanae shy "But now I see what a passionate, optimistic, and amazing person you are. You didn’t have to be personable with me during our trip to the Scarlet Devil Mansion. You could have just gathered your info and disappeared."
"Instead, you showed me kindness and helped me feel safe the entire time. Because of that, I have come to care for you."
"I know we still have a lot to learn about each other, but I guess what I’m trying to say is… In the time we have been together, I believe I have grown to develop feelings for you."
"I’m afraid that I don’t quite understand those feelings, as I’m not very familiar with liking anyone in that way."
"But I really care about you, Aya."
sanae eyesclosed "I understand if you don’t accept my confession. After all, we are two very different people and I’m sure you have much more experience with this stuff than I do."
aya shy "No, Sanae!"
sanae surprised "No?"
sanae eyesclosed "Okay, I understand-"
aya shy "No! I mean…"
"Don’t talk like that. You’re an amazing girl, too!"
"I don’t have much experience with that sort of thing either."
sanae surprised "You don’t?"
aya joyful "Ayaya, I may be older than you, but you know how busy I am. I’d make a lousy partner, what with never having any free time!"
aya shy "But, uhh… You like me?"
sanae shy "Mhm."
aya surprised "Ah, but!"
none "Aya looked around nervously."
aya shy "Wouldn’t Kanako be angry hearing you say that to someone like me?"
sanae shy "Ah, it doesn’t matter right now. Sometimes, I have to make my own decisions."
"And this is what my heart was telling me to do right now."
aya shy "I see. Well, if you’re being brave right now, I guess I’ll try to be, too."
"As I said, I’m not quite familiar with this kind of thing, either."
"I’ve always lived so quickly and never had the chance to stop to think about this sort of thing."
"But in being with you during this incident, you really got me to stop and appreciate some things. You also caused me to think about certain ideas more deeply."
"In the same way that you felt comforted with me, I also felt very safe, despite not knowing you super well." 
aya eyesclosed "It’s a little scary to feel such strong things around someone for the first time."
aya shy "In saying that, I think I also have feelings for you, Sanae."
"I knew that I felt something different in your presence, but I couldn’t quite put my finger on it."
sanae shy "I’m relieved to hear that. I was worried you would have been angry once you found out."
aya surprised "Angry? How could I ever be angry at you for something like that?"
sanae shy "I was expecting the worst, I guess, even though I’m usually optimistic about things."
aya shy "Well, please don’t worry because I accept your feelings."
aya eyesclosed "But I think, for once in my life, I would like to take things slow."
aya shy "If that’s okay with you?"
sanae shy "Of course. I think that would be a good idea, too. I think we should get to know each other a bit more first."
aya shy "Yeah, but maybe one day we could be…"
"More than friends?"
sanae shy "Yeah, we could be for sure."
"Would you like to tag along the next time I have to solve an incident? You seemed so excited about being there in person."
aya joyful "Oh, I would like that very much! And knowing Gensokyo, I’m sure another one will pop up sooner or later."
sanae joyful "You mentioned how busy you are, but I know what it’s like. I’ve also always been too busy solving incidents to focus on relationships."
"But if we go as a pair when something inevitably happens, we could both do our jobs. It would be a good way to spend more time together, while we’re at it!"
aya joyful "Ayaya, that’s a great idea."
aya neutral "Well, there’s no time to waste. How about we try some photography together again, like I’d mentioned before?"
sanae joyful "Oh, yeah! I’m totally ready for it now!"
none "With that, I felt a lot better having discussed my feelings with Aya. It felt like a weight was lifted off of my shoulders!"

