sanae neutral "Hey, Aya."
aya neutral "Hold on! I think I’ve got the perfect shot of-!"
sanae surprised "Huh?"
aya sad "Aaaand it’s gone."
aya joyful "Ayaya, well I guess I can’t get them all!"
"You did distract me there for a moment, though."
sanae sad "Oh, I’m sorry." 
aya joyful "No worries! When you’re a pro like me, I guess a lot of photos could be considered the ‘perfect shot!’ I’ll be sure to find another opportunity soon!"
sanae neutral "I guess you’ve got the eye for it."
sanae joyful "Your photos are so good that you don’t even need to retouch them in Photoshop!"
aya surprised "Photo huh?!"
sanae joyful "Oh, you guys must not have that here."
sanae neutral "Anyway, what were you trying to get a photo of?"
aya eyesclosed "Eh, just a few things in the forest, but it’s nothing important."
aya neutral "Have you ever been interested in taking up photography?"
sanae neutral "Well, it IS pretty cool, but I don’t always have time for hobbies."
aya neutral "Hmm…"
aya joyful "Want to try your hand at it?"
sanae surprised "Ah, right now?"
aya joyful "Sure, why not?"
sanae surprised "But why would you trust me with your camera?"
aya joyful "I have a feeling you’d be careful with it. Besides, don’t you have the power to cause miracles to occur?"
aya eyesclosed "Maybe you could miraculously fix my camera if you happen to break it."
sanae neutral "Uhm, that's not how it works."
aya joyful "Well, if you do break it for good, I guess I’ll just send a bill to the Moriya Shrine!"
sanae angry "Hey, have more faith in me! I’m not that careless!"
aya joyful "Fine, fine! Anyway, how about I give you a few things to take photos of?" 
sanae neutral "Okay, what did you have in mind?"
aya eyesclosed "Hmm, let’s go with something simple."
aya neutral "How about something green, and then something brown…"
aya joyful "And, why not? Something cute!"
sanae neutral "Those seem easy enough. (But ‘cute’ sounds pretty subjective…)"
aya joyful "I believe in you!"
sanae neutral "Ah, well there's not much in this forest except trees and bushes, so she's gonna have to settle for photos of those!"

none "Take photos by approaching the target objects."

