sanae neutral “Where could Suwako have gone?”
“I wonder if there’s anyone around here who might know something!” 

(Switch to walking gameplay, find Aya at some point)

sanae neutral “(Ah, those tengu always seem to spread news quickly.)”
aya neutral “Well, if it isn’t the shrine maiden whose god is always giving us tengu a hard time!”
aya joyful “Seen anything interesting lately?”
sanae neutral “Actually, I was hoping to ask you that myself.”
aya surprised “Oh, really?”
sanae sad “Suwako has been missing for quite some time, so I was wondering if you’ve seen her. Or maybe you’ve seen anything unusual?”
aya angry “Ayaya, you haven’t been reading my newspaper lately, huh?”
aya eyes closed “Well, I did happen to catch a glimpse of a certain vampire’s servants lurking around the top of Youkai Mountain yesterday.”
aya joyful “Unusual enough for you?”
sanae surprised “You mean servants from the Scarlet Devil Mansion were here?”
aya neutral “Yep, but I’m not sure what they were up to.”
aya joyful “I mean, I’m fast, but I guess the Scarlet Devil always has a few tricks up her sleeve! I couldn’t find them after awhile.”
sanae surprised “What business do they have here? I wonder if they have something to do with Suwako’s disappearance.”
aya neutral “I couldn’t say for sure, but one thing’s for certain:”
aya angry “That vampire is always up to something”
sanae angry “I guess that’s a good enough reason to go and investigate!”
sanae sad “What do they want with Suwako, though?”
aya neutral “I don’t know. But if they do have something to do with it, we’d better leave quickly.”
aya joyful “I can see the headlines now! ‘Green shrine maiden saves frog goddess from the wicked Scarlet Devil!’”
sanae angry “She is not the frog god! And why do I have to just be the green shrine maiden? I’m Moriya Shrine’s living god!”
aya joyful “Yeah, yeah. Whatever, it’s just a working title. I’ll work out the kinks once I get the full story!”
sanae eyesclosed “Ah, what does it matter? Let’s just go already! Lady Kanako is counting on me!”
