sanae surprised “The youkai are out in full force today!”
aya neutral “It’s called Youkai Mountain for a reason.”
sanae neutral “Oh, right.”
“Anyway, we still have a long way to go until we get to the mansion. We’ve only made it down the mountain.”
aya joyful “Yep! But don’t worry. I think we’re gonna be a force to be reckoned with!”
sanae joyful “Ah, you think so?”
aya joyful “Yep! I’ve become an expert at taking photos and dodging attacks at the same time.”
sanae neutral “Well, you might have to fight, too…”
aya neutral “Eh, we’ll see when we get there.”
none “???: I really don’t need your help.”
sanae surprised “Did you hear that?”
aya neutral “Yep, and it sounds like someone familiar!”
reimu angry “I need to solve the incident and I don’t want to be distracted.”
cirno joyful “But I wanna help save the frog lady so she won’t yell at me for freezing the frogs anymore!”
reimu angry “Yeah, no.” 
sanae neutral “Reimu, did you say something about an incident?”
reimu neutral “Yep, I’m on my way to the Scarlet Devil Mansion, but I keep running into roadblocks.”
cirno neutral “...”
sanae joyful “Oh, we’re on our way there, too! Suwako has been missing and we think they might have something to do with it.”
cirno joyful “You’re also looking for the frog goddess?!”
sanae neutral “She’s not-”
sanae angry “Hey, wait! You’re that little fairy she’s always talking about, right?”
cirno joyful “Yeah, she always gets so mad when I freeze her frogs. But I’m just trying to have a little fun!”
cirno neutral “She hasn’t come to Misty Lake to yell at me in awhile. Even though I could freeze ALL the frogs with her missing…”
cirno angry “How am I supposed to be satisfied with our feud if someone else got rid of her?”
cirno joyful “I’m supposed to be the one who defeats her and reigns victorious!”
sanae neutral “Right…”
aya joyful “No wonder you got caught up, Reimu.”
reimu angry “Yep.”
reimu neutral “Anyway, I don’t have time to waste. Who knows what Remilia could be up to? I’m sure it’s not good.”
sanae sad “Do you think they have something to do with Suwako’s disappearance?”
reimu neutral “That’s what I’m thinking.”
reimu angry “Marisa told me she heard them plotting something the last time she went there.”
“And when Cirno asked me if I had seen Suwako, I figured her disappearance was related. It’s not the first time Remilia has done something like this.”
sanae neutral “So I’ve heard. Do you think we could take her on if we work together?”
reimu eyesclosed “Well, I’d prefer to go alone, but I guess it would make more sense to team up if we’re both heading there now.”
reimu neutral “And Suwako is part of your shrine, anyway.”
cirno angry “Hey! You’re gonna let the green shrine maiden join your team, but not me?!”
“That’s so unfair!”
sanae angry “Suwako is my ancestor! I’m obligated to save her if she’s in trouble!”
sanae eyesclosed “And I can’t bear the thought of disappointing Kanako.”
cirno surprised “Wait… What’s ‘ancestor?’”
aya joyful “Like a grandma!”
sanae angry “Not exact-“
cirno surprised “Ohh! But Suwako’s SUPER old!”
cirno joyful “So she’s like your great great great great…”
sanae neutral “…”
cirno joyful “…great great great…”
aya neutral reimu angry “…”
cirno joyful “…great great grandma?!”
sanae eyesclosed “Uhm… Sure.”
aya joyful “At least she tried!”
reimu angry “Yeah, but she’s just wasting our time at this point.”
“Cirno, could you please go home?”
cirno sad “But I’m, like…”
“The strongest one here! I’d be an asset to your team!”
aya neutral “Somehow, I don’t think she’s going to let up, even if we try to sneak away.”
reimu eyesclosed “And I guess you’re coming, too, huh?”
aya joyful “You won’t even know I’m here!”
reimu neutral “Whatever, just as long as you don’t take any photos of me.”
aya joyful “Ayaya, fine!”
sanae angry “Okay, we’re getting distracted! We don’t have much time to waste.”
sanae joyful “Starting now, allow me to lead you all on this journey to find Suwako!”
“I know I can’t fail!”
reimu angry “Ugh, fine! This is going to be a long day…”
aya joyful “Upset that you won’t be the star of the show this time, Reimu?”
reimu surprised “What’s THAT supposed to mean?!“
sanae joyful “Let’s find our way through the forest. I know we’ll make it to our destination in no time!”
cirno joyful “Hooray!”
none “With that, I gathered a group to assist me on my quest to find my ancestor!”
“I know I’ll be able to lead the way!”
“But something keeps bothering me…”
“How did the Scarlet Devil Mansion manage to capture Suwako, if they’re the ones responsible for her disappearance?”
“There’s no way she would have gone down without a fight…” 
