sanae joyful "Hmm, Aya you’re pretty fast. I think we could cover a lot of ground if we work together."
aya joyful "Absolutely! You know I won’t let you down."
sanae neutral "Reimu, are you okay going with Cirno?
reimu neutral "..."
cirno joyful "..."
reimu eyesclosed "Fine, let’s just go."
cirno joyful "Hooray!"
aya neutral "Now, if I were the Scarlet Devil, where would I be?"
sanae neutral "I’d assume in her mansion."
aya neutral "Well, duh! But where exactly in the mansion?"
sanae neutral "I feel like she’d be in the deepest part of the house."
"That seems all broody and vampire-ish to me."
aya neutral "Ah, well I don’t know much about vampires. I haven’t met many, but I’ll take your word for it."
sanae joyful "In the outside world, I used to watch movies with vampires all the time!"
"Then when I came to Gensokyo, I was excited to meet Remilia."
sanae neutral "But when I saw her, I noticed she didn’t have the glittery skin and I was confused."
"Maybe that’s a harmful stereotype?"
aya surprised "Uhh, I have no idea what you’re talking about. And what’s a ‘movie?’"
sanae eyesclosed "Ah, it’s just me reminiscing about my old life in the outside world."
sanae neutral "But I really do think we should make our way towards the back of the mansion."
aya neutral "Agreed! Race you there!"
sanae surprised "Ah, I think we should try to be a little more thorough with our search than that."
aya joyful "Okay, fine! But don’t take too long or I’ll get antsy."
none "Approach the doors to search each room and find Remilia."

(Walking, door 1)
sanae neutral "Hm, this looks like a bathroom… But it’s surprisingly big!"
aya surprised "Good thing it wasn’t occupied!"
aya joyful "Although it would have been funny if we DID find Remilia in the bathroom."
sanae neutral "I don’t even want to imagine that."

(Walking, door 2)
sanae neutral "Ah, a kitchen!"
aya surprised "Bigger than any kitchen I’ve ever seen!"
"Probably where the maid prepares the…
"You know!"
sanae surprised "I wonder which type Remilia drinks!"
aya surprised "Next door, please!"

(Walking, door 3)
sanae neutral "It looks like someone’s room, but it’s not very fancy."
"This definitely isn’t Remilia’s."
aya joyful "Looks fancy enough to me!"
aya neutral "But, yeah. Probably not Remilia’s."
sanae neutral "If we weren’t here to save Suwako, I would love to take a nap here right about now."
sanae joyful "Or maybe have a sleepover!"
aya neutral "A sleepover, huh?"
"What’s that like?"
sanae joyful "You get a bunch of your friends together and have a sort of party overnight!"
"Although, despite the name, no one ever does much sleeping."
aya surprised "Why is that?"
sanae joyful "Because everyone’s too busy talking and making jokes to fall asleep."
aya joyful "Ayaya, sounds like a good time."
sanae neutral "Yeah, but I doubt many people do that here in Gensokyo."
"Except maybe children in the human village."
aya joyful "Eh, who cares? It sounds like fun!"
sanae neutral "Yeah, but I don’t know many people here who would be interested."
aya surprised "But you seem like you would have a ton of friends!"
sanae neutral "I did back in the outside world, but I haven’t exactly fit in since coming to Gensokyo."
sanae eyesclosed "And I have to focus on the shrine, you know?"
aya neutral "Yeah, I get it. Your livelihood comes first."
sanae neutral "Do you have a lot of friends, Aya?"
aya neutral "Eh, I guess. But I think I’ve made more rivals over the years."
sanae surprised "Oh, for real?"
aya neutral "Yep! Like Hatate and Mamizou when it comes to spreading media to the human village."
"And sometimes I don’t always get along with the other tengu, like Momiji for example."
aya joyful "Ah, well I guess everyone can’t like me."
sanae neutral "Hmm, I guess I’ve made a few rivals, as well."
"Although we’re on good terms, I guess Reimu is still my rival when it comes to matters of faith."
aya joyful "And don’t forget the entirety of Youkai Mountain!"
sanae angry "Yeah, yeah! I know you won’t let me forget."
aya joyful "If it makes you feel any better, I still like you anyway!"
sanae shy "You do?"
aya neutral "Why wouldn’t I?"
sanae surprised "We’ve basically been at odds ever since I arrived in Gensokyo!"
aya neutral "Well, it was mostly anger towards the shrine and Kanako, more specifically."
"I know she’s your god. You have to do what she needs you to do."
sanae neutral "Yeah, I never want to let Lady Kanako down!"
sanae eyesclosed "But I’m still disappointed we didn’t leave a good impression on the people we were trying to attract to the shrine."
aya neutral "It is what it is."
sanae neutral "So, you don’t have any anger towards me?"
aya neutral "Nah. Although I thought of you as some goody two shoes girl with a big ego when we first met…"
sanae surprised "!!!"
aya joyful "You’re not so bad after all."
sanae neutral "Likewise, Aya."
sanae shy "Thank you."
"Hey, uhmm…"
"Would you ever want to visit the shrine sometime?"
"I could treat you to some tea. Maybe we could continue to smooth things over?"
aya surprised "Ah, you don’t have to worry about any hard feelings!"
"But… That would be nice I think."
"Are you gonna invite anyone else?"
sanae shy "No, I thought it could be a one on one."
aya shy "Ah, I see. As long as Kanako doesn’t interrupt…"
sanae shy "I’m sure she’ll understand."
aya shy "A-Anyway!"
aya joyful "I hope you invite me when you end up having that big sleepover, too!"
sanae joyful "Ahaha, I can’t promise you that I’ll have one."
"But I can promise that if I do, you’ll be the first one that I invite."
aya neutral "I’ll hold you to that."
sanae surprised "Oh, we should keep going! Why do I keep getting distracted?"
aya neutral "Let’s just keep going."
sanae surprised "Ah, this looks like the way into the back of the mansion!"
"Somehow, I feel like this is the right door!"
"Aya and Cirno are coming this way!"
reimu neutral "Is this the way?"
sanae joyful "Yes, I believe this is it! This must be the right path!"
reimu neutral "Then, lead the way!"
none "My heart is pounding out of my chest! But I can’t give up now."
"Everyone is counting on me to lead them to the end!"
"Lady Kanako, may your blessings be upon me!"
