sanae joyful "Ah, we finally made it!"
reimu angry "Jeez, I didn’t have such a hard time going to the Scarlet Devil Mansion whenever I went alone."
aya joyful "Sometimes you’ve gotta enjoy the scenery along the way!"
reimu angry "As if you ever do that!"
sanae neutral "Oh, now that we’re about to go to the mansion, I do feel a little nervous."
reimu neutral "How about we take some time to prepare before we enter?"
sanae neutral "Yeah, that sounds good."
cirno joyful "I always need time to save my strength, anyway!"
sanae eyesclosed "Ah, right…"
sanae neutral "I guess I just have to build up my courage!"
sanae joyful "Oh, what am I worried about? I’ve taken on much bigger enemies than this!"
sanae sad "But I guess no one has ever done something like this to my family before."
aya neutral "I’m gonna fly above the trees to see what we’ve got ahead of us!"
reimu joyful "Ah, it’s probably just that lazy gatekeeper again. Odds are, she’s asleep!"
aya joyful "I guess we won’t have trouble getting in, then!"
aya neutral "I’m still gonna take a peek, though."
reimu neutral "I suppose I can come, as well."
"What about you, Sanae?"
sanae eyesclosed "I think I’m going to stay here, for now."
cirno joyful "Oh, can I come?!"
reimu neutral "Uhm-"
aya neutral "You should keep saving your energy for our biggest enemy!"
aya joyful "Also, keep Sanae company!"
cirno joyful "Oh, that’s right! I need extra power saved up to fight the evil vampire lady!"
cirno neutral "And I won’t let you down, Sanae! I’m the best at keeping people company!"
sanae eyesclosed "It’s fine, Cirno."
cirno joyful "I wanna know about your grandma, though!" 
cirno surprised "Like why is she so uptight? And why does she get mad when I freeze the frogs? And-"
sanae angry "First of all, she is not my grandma!"
sanae neutral "And she’s probably mad at you for freezing the frogs because they’re her favorite animal."
"Being frozen isn’t good for them, after all."
cirno surprised "Oh, yeah. I guess she is the frog goddess!"
sanae angry "No, she’s not! She just so happens to center her whole personality, style, and hobbies around frogs."
sanae neutral "Ah, I guess I could see why it’s confusing."
cirno neutral "Yeah, even I got it mixed up! And I’m super smart."
sanae neutral "..."
sanae eyesclosed "Anyway, you aren’t scared to meet Remilia Scarlet?"
cirno neutral "The Starlet Bevel?"
sanae neutral "That’s not her name, but yes."
cirno joyful "Nope!"
sanae surprised "(She’s really that delusional?!)"
cirno joyful "I know she’s some super old vampire, but I’m great at fighting!"
cirno eyesclosed "Did you know that I took on a god before? And I’m not talking about Suwako!"
sanae surprised "A god?! (That can’t be true…)"
cirno joyful "Yup! With that, my journey to become the strongest came to an end!"
cirno eyesclosed "Now, no one can doubt me ever again."
sanae neutral "Is that true, Cirno?"
cirno angry "Why do you guys never have faith in me?!"
"I’m great at fighting, too! All the other fairies know how good I am!"
"Have you ever heard of a fairy taking on a god and winning?"
sanae neutral "Well, I haven’t, so I suppose that’s why it’s hard to believe."
sanae eyesclosed "I apologize, Cirno. I guess I underestimated how much it meant to you."
cirno joyful "It’s okay! Just so long as you know what a powerful companion you’ve got by your side!"
sanae joyful "I won’t forget. I think we all make a pretty good team."
cirno joyful "Yeah! We’re totally gonna save Suwako, easy peasy!"
sanae sad "I hope so. I think she’ll be okay, but I can’t help but worry."
cirno neutral "Don’t worry! Tell Cirno your problems!"
sanae neutral "Well, of course I don’t want Suwako to be in danger. She’s a god, but I still have no idea how someone could have been able to take her on and overpower her."
"The residents of the Scarlet Devil Mansion are powerful, but Suwako is powerful, too."
cirno surprised "Maybe she was distracted by the frogs!"
sanae neutral "I really don’t know, but it seems like we’ll find out soon enough."
cirno joyful "We have a rivalry, but I know Suwako is also really strong!"
"She’s not allowed to get defeated by anyone but me! I know she’ll be okay until I take her down myself!"
sanae sad "Yeah. I think I just have a lot to be worried about right now."
sanae eyesclosed "I guess it’s not important for the time being."
cirno neutral "What do you mean? Your feelings are always important!"
sanae sad "But I feel like I’m being weak and ignoring the situation at hand."
"I need to focus for the sake of Suwako and Lady Kanako."
cirno sad "But you can’t focus on that if you have other things bothering you, right?"
sanae surprised "Ah, I guess so."
"Cirno, you actually said something insightful!"
cirno joyful "I told you, don’t underestimate me! Not only do I have strength, but I’ve also got the brains!"
sanae neutral "I see. So, you don’t mind me talking about it?"
cirno neutral "Nope! I’m here to help, like I said!"
sanae neutral "Okay, if you insist."
sanae eyesclosed "(Oh my Goddess, I never imagined I’d be talking about such things with someone like Cirno!)"
sanae shy "Cirno, have you ever liked someone before?"
cirno surprised "Like..?"
sanae neutral "Yes."
cirno joyful "Of course I have!"
"I like Daiyousei, and Lily White, and Luna Child, and Star Sapphire, and Sunny Milk (even though they destroyed my house that one time.)"
sanae surprised "..."
cirno joyful "And Clownpiece and Reimu and Marisa and you, of course!"
sanae surprised "I don’t mean ‘like’ as in friends! I mean ‘like’ as in, well…"
sanae neutral "Having a crush on someone?"
cirno neutral "A crush?"
cirno joyful "Yeah, I love to crush my enemies when they underestimate me!"
sanae angry "No, not like that, either!"
sanae eyesclosed "Maybe you don’t understand that sort of stuff."
cirno neutral "What sort of stuff?"
sanae neutral "Relationships and love."
cirno neutral "Hmm… You mean like when people get married?"
sanae joyful "Yeah! But before that, when their love is just beginning."
sanae neutral "So instead of ‘love,’ you say you ‘like’ someone."
cirno neutral "Oh, I understand."
"No, I’ve never thought about anything like that before."
"We fairies don’t focus on that kind of thing."
cirno joyful "Building our friendships and having fun is our priority!"
"Besides, I’m the strongest! No one would be able to handle someone like me!"
sanae neutral "I see. So the fairies aren’t interested in anything like that?"
cirno neutral "Nope!"
cirno surprised "Why? Was there a reason you were asking?"
sanae eyesclosed "I guess it’s just been on my mind, despite everything else that’s been going on."
sanae neutral "I don’t have much experience with that sort of thing, to be honest."
cirno neutral "Well, I know about a lot of things, but I think that’s my weak point!"
"Hmm… What to do when you ‘like’ someone? It’s all a bit confusing to me!"
cirno joyful "Oh, don’t you need to talk to them a lot? Or maybe give them something they like?"
"Personally, I would recommend a frozen frog!"
cirno angry "Oh, wait… Suwako wouldn’t like it if you gave someone that."
sanae joyful "Ahaha, no she wouldn’t. But I guess you’re thinking about things that you like."
sanae neutral "You’re right, though. I think building a relationship requires a lot of interaction."
"Well, even if you don’t know what I’m feeling, I think I feel better now that we’ve talked about it."
cirno surprised "You do?"
sanae joyful "Yes, I appreciate it. Thank you, Cirno."
cirno joyful "Hooray!"
"And thank you for teaching me more about ‘liking’ someone."
"Now that I’ve succeeded in becoming the strongest, I’m going to become the smartest next!"
sanae joyful "Good luck with that, Cirno."
aya joyful "You two seem in good spirits!"
reimu joyful "Feel any better?"
sanae joyful "Yes! I think I’m ready to continue on our path."
reimu neutral "I’m surprised Cirno was able to cheer you up a bit, Sanae."
cirno angry "Hey, I said not to doubt me."
sanae neutral "That’s right. Cirno has been surprisingly helpful!"
aya neutral "Huh, who would have guessed?"
cirno joyful "Yay! I’m the best helper!"
reimu neutral "Alright, now that we’re feeling better and we’ve got a good idea of how to get in, I think things should go smoothly."
"That is, until we find Remilia."
sanae angry "Ah, well let’s go! She’s never going to see us coming!"
aya joyful "That’s right!"
none "I suppose it’s time for us to meet the one behind this mess!"
"The road ahead looks frightening, but with this group of friends I’ve made, I know I can’t lose!"
