none "In the end, we defeated Remilia, despite a small struggle."
"It wasn’t a very serious incident, after all. But I’m not sure what she would have done had we failed to defeat her."
"She seemed more disappointed than angry after she agreed to let us go home."
"Well, I don’t blame her for feeling a bit frustrated about her limitations as a vampire." 
"Afterwards, I welcomed everyone to the shrine as thanks for helping me save Suwako."
"I don’t think Kanako was very happy that I brought a shrine maiden from the rival shrine and a tengu to visit, but she held her tongue since they helped, too." 
"She couldn’t quite hide her irritation with Cirno, though." 
"Of course Aya wrote a news story about the incident immediately after we returned. I’m sure Cirno was also telling all of her fairy friends how she defeated the Scarlet Devil." 
"Reimu visited the Moriya Shrine a few times following our quest, despite Kanako’s lingering anger towards the shrine maiden."
"I reminded Lady Kanako that this shrine is my shrine, too, and that I should be able to invite whoever I please."
sanae neutral "I’m glad we could finally take some time to relax together after that big ordeal with Remilia."
reimu joyful "Me, too! It’s not often that I get the chance to visit others at their homes."
sanae joyful "Well you do visit peoples’ homes all the time, but usually as an uninvited guest."
reimu joyful "Hey, I can’t help that people are always causing problems that require me to barge in and stop them."
"But yeah, thanks for having me as an invited guest, for once."
sanae joyful "I’m always happy to have visitors, especially you."
reimu joyful "I appreciate it."
reimu neutral "Well, I guess it’s getting a bit late, and I don’t want to overstay my welcome."
sanae surprised "Ah, don’t say that! Stay as long as you’d like."
sanae shy "Besides, I don’t want to say goodbye yet."
"And I’d still like to talk about some things."
reimu surprised "What did you have in mind?"
sanae eyesclosed "…"
sanae shy "Reimu, we’ve known each other for a long time, ever since I first arrived in Gensokyo."
"I know we started out as enemies, but since then, you’ve become one of my closest friends."
"And I really value that friendship."
reimu shy "Me, too."
sanae shy "I feel like after solving this last incident with you, I had the opportunity to get to know you more and grow closer to you."
sanae eyesclosed "This is going to sound silly, but Cirno gave me good advice back when we were about to go into the Scarlet Devil Mansion."
sanae neutral "She said that if I don’t address the things that are on my mind, I won’t be able to focus on anything else."
"Even though that’s really simple advice, I think it’s also hard to follow because speaking your mind can be scary."
"But now that we confronted Remilia and saved Suwako, I think I’m ready to address the other things that have been bothering me." 
reimu neutral "What’s that?"
sanae eyesclosed "…"
sanae neutral "Reimu, when I arrived in Gensokyo, I felt like an outsider. I know I usually exude confidence and take pride in my powerful heritage, but that doesn’t mean I never experience loneliness."
"You’ve always been someone I could relate to and share my experiences with. I’m grateful to know someone who understands me so well."
sanae shy "You’re someone I admire and also feel safe around. You really are a special person."
"I guess what I’m trying to say is… In spending time together, I believe I have grown to develop feelings for you."
"I’m not very familiar with liking someone in that way and I don’t quite understand my feelings."
"All I know is that I care very deeply for you, Reimu."
sanae eyesclosed "I understand if this is a lot to take in, and if you don’t accept my feelings, I’ll-"
reimu sad "I feel the same way!"
reimu shy "Ah, I’m sorry for yelling. But I really do feel the same way, Sanae."
"I feel that same sense of comfort in your presence, as well. You know I’m not very experienced with relationships, either. I’ve never had the time for it…"
reimu eyesclosed "But I think I have those warm feelings for you, too. I was just too worried to say anything."
sanae shy "What a relief. I was scared you would leave on the spot."
sanae neutral "I thought maybe you would be sad or angry if you found out, especially if you didn’t like girls."
reimu sad "I would never be mad at you for something like that."
"You are very dear to me."
sanae shy "Reimu, would you like to be more than friends?"
reimu eyesclosed "…"
reimu shy "I want to say yes, but what if we don’t have enough time for each other? You know how often Gensokyo has issues that need solving."
sanae joyful "I was thinking maybe we could solve those incidents together, like we did this last time."
"I felt safe by your side. And I think we’d make an unstoppable team."
reimu shy "I would like that."
reimu sad "Ah, but won’t Kanako be angry at you if I’m, you know…"
reimu eyesclosed "Your girlfriend?"
sanae shy "I’m sure she’ll understand, or at least learn to accept it someday."
"I don’t have to always do as she says, you know. I’m my own person and I’m confident in this decision."
reimu shy "Sanae…"
"Then, yes. Of course I accept."
reimu eyesclosed "I’m scared, but somehow I feel very at peace."
sanae joyful "Don’t be scared, Reimu."
"I guess this is new for both of us, but we can learn together."
sanae shy "As long as we trust one another, we can’t lose."
reimu sad "Ah, I haven’t felt this hopeful in a long time."
"Sanae, thank you so much. I’m excited to start this new chapter with you."
sanae shy "I’m excited, too."
"..."
"Reimu, do you, uhm…"
reimu shy "Huh?"
sanae shy "Would you mind if I kissed you?"
none "Reimu just nodded and leaned towards me."
"Before I knew it, I was kissing the girl in front of me. My first kiss! I couldn’t believe it."
"When our lips parted, I drew my head back to take a long look at Reimu."

